Add EPP model server protocol to docs (#1267)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: docs/plugin-metric-protocol.md

# Plugin Metric Protocol

This document describes the contract the EPP expects from model servers
it routes traffic to. Because the EPP uses a pluggable architecture, the
requirements below describe what is needed to use the built-in plugins;
individual plugins may relax or extend these requirements.

## Metrics Reporting

> The inference extension scrapes metrics from the model servers to make optimal request scheduling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some plugins require the endpoint picker to scrape metrics from the model servers to make optimal request scheduling
```

# Plugin Metric Protocol

This document describes the contract the EPP expects from model servers
it routes traffic to. Because the EPP uses a pluggable architecture, the
requirements below describe what is needed to use the built-in plugins;
individual plugins may relax or extend these requirements.

## Metrics Reporting

The inference extension scrapes metrics from the model servers to make optimal request scheduling
decisions. The model servers MUST provide the following metrics via a Prometheus endpoint. The exact
metric names don't necessarily need to be the same as the recommended names here, however the
metric types and semantics MUST follow this doc.

The **Required by** column lists the plugins that need each metric to function. You only need
to expose the metrics for plugins you actually enable.

Note the requirements here are aligned with the
[model server metrics standardization](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SpSp1E6moa4HSrJnS4x3NpLuj88sMXr2tbofKlzTZpk)
effort.

> | Metric | Required by | Type | Description | vLLM metric | Triton TensorRT-LLM | trtllm-serve | SGLang |

Reviewer: a table is ideal, but hard to read because text breaks in some cells and also one has to scroll horizontally, please propose another format that is more readable:

<img width="1265" height="663" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6917c79e-c03b-444d-adfe-1786033d12b6" />

Author: Yeah I noticed this is an issue when dashes are used instead of underscores in strings (the metrics names don't have line breaks since they have underscores). I'll reorganize the table overall to make it less wide.
